Osquery pack attribution (#131462)
elastic/kibana: docs/osquery/prebuilt-packs.asciidoc

[[prebuilt-packs]]
== Prebuilt packs reference

This section lists all prebuilt packs available for Osquery Manager. 
Each pack is also available as a saved object, with the name `Pack: <pack-name>`.

> For information about how to work with prebuilt packs, refer to <<osquery, osquery-prebuilt-packs>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to <<osquery-prebuilt-packs>>.
```

|===
|Name |Description |Source |Added

|`hardware-monitoring`
|Monitor for hardware changes.
|https://github.com/osquery/osquery/tree/master/packs[Osquery]
|8.2

|`incident-response`
|Detect and respond to breaches.
|https://github.com/osquery/osquery/tree/master/packs[Osquery]
|8.2

|`it-compliance`
a|Identify outdated and vulnerable software.

Dashboard: `[Osquery Manager] Compliance pack`

|https://github.com/osquery/osquery/tree/master/packs[Osquery]
|8.2

|`osquery-monitoring`
|Monitor Osquery info and performance.
|https://github.com/osquery/osquery/tree/master/packs[Osquery]
|8.2

|`ossec-rootkit`
a|Run rootkit detection queries to monitor for compromise.

> Related Dashboard: `[Osquery Manager] OSSEC rootkit pack`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dashboard: `[Osquery Manager] OSSEC rootkit pack`
```
